[Music]
it's two hours before Saturday's service
Morgan's only busy night at a week
with no preparation done the kitchens in
chaos there's not even enough food
[ __ ] [ __ ] so what do you need now
for service because the place looks
sparse if there's 30 people coming it's
freaking me out as well
carrots broccoli beans red Thrones and
is this normal this time afternoon for
you to go off to the shops like that
yeah
so you don't actually get this stuff
back then for at least another hour
sometimes a dumbbell or six will close
when the customers are walking through
the door unbelievable the head chef
should order supplies but Sandy's been
buying from a supermarket because she
doesn't want to pay Phil to do it for
her before we get any further what I
wanted to say to both you the [ __ ]
supermarket surviving [ __ ] list let
alone running a [ __ ] restaurant
[Music]
slice the pre-pack sarcana
what do you yesterday I think it was
wrong yeah yeah
[Music]
this is ridiculous you know that Sandy's
panic buying Phyllis stage but she
should have had it delivered from a
cheaper wholesaler sandy it's [ __ ]
five plus five where's the finish date
well it's here somewhere
[Music]
53 89 if we had to buy this project on
last night's takings will be 30 quid
[ __ ] short
[ __ ] a date let's go thank you